Skip to main content  Skip to navigation

<

>

Menu

## ESPN

  *   *   *   * scores

NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!

  * NFL
  * NBA
  * MLB
  * NCAAF
  * NHL
  * Soccer
  * …

    * WNBA
    * Boxing
    * CFL
    * NCAA
    * Cricket
    * F1
    * Golf
    * Horse
    * LLWS
    * MMA
    * NASCAR
    * NBA G League
    * NBA Summer League
    * NCAAM
    * NCAAW
    * NWSL
    * Olympics
    * PLL
    * Professional Wrestling
    * Racing
    * RN BB
    * RN FB
    * Rugby
    * Sports Betting
    * Tennis
    * X Games
    * UFL

  * Fantasy
  * Watch
  * ESPN BET
  * ESPN+

##

  * Subscribe Now
  * NCAA Football

  * U.S. Open

  * Formula One

  * PGA TOUR LIVE: TOUR Championship

  * LPGA: Featured Groups

  * LALIGA

  * Bundesliga

  * MLB

## Quick Links

  * 2024 US Open

  * WNBA Rookie Tracker

  * MLB Standings

  * 2024 NFL Schedule

  * Fantasy Football Rankings

  * Sign up: Fantasy Football

  * College Football Schedule

  * ESPN Radio: Listen Live

  * Watch Tennis on ESPN

  * Watch Golf on ESPN

## Favorites

Manage Favorites

## Customize ESPN

Create AccountLog In

## Fantasy

  * Football

  * Baseball

  * Basketball

  * Hockey

## ESPN Sites

  * ESPN Deportes

  * Andscape

  * espnW

  * ESPNFC

  * X Games

  * SEC Network

## ESPN Apps

  * ESPN

  * ESPN Fantasy

  * Tournament Challenge

## Follow ESPN

  * Facebook

  * X/Twitter

  * Instagram

  * Snapchat

  * TikTok

  * YouTube

## Miami soars! Iowa scores!! Plus, freshman phenoms, Dabo's downfall and lots
more in a wild Week 1

College football is back! And as much as things have changed, there's just as
much that's stayed the same.

9hDavid Hale

AP Photo/John Raoux

## Top plays from a wild Week 1 of college football

6h

1:54

## TOP HEADLINES

  * 49ers' Pearsall 'stable' after being shot in chest
  * Ward quiets Gators, jabs fans in big Miami debut
  * WR McMillan dazzles: 304 yards, 4 TDs in UA rout
  * Jeanty rushes for 6 TDs in Boise State victory
  * White Sox tie 1970 team with record 106 losses

  * UF's Napier vows better after 'embarrassing' loss
  * U-M's Warren on road to QB job: 'Never wavered'
  * Serena back at US Open 2 years after last match
  * Fantasy FB: Ultimate Draft Board

Aflac Kickoff

## Georgia dominates second half in thrashing over Clemson in season opener

17h

2:18

## Georgia leaves no doubt: Dawgs are ready for a title run while Clemson
needs a reset

The Dawgs looked ready to win another championship in a dismantling of
Clemson.

15hMark Schlabach

## Cash Jones stiff-arms his way for a Georgia TD

17h

0:47

## Malaki Starks snags spectacular INT for Georgia

17h

0:52

## Carson Beck floats pass to Colbie Young for a Georgia TD

18h

0:36

## Clemson's Jake Briningstool makes stellar one-handed catch

18h

0:42

  * Is Carson Beck primed to bring UGA its third championship in four years?

  * Beck, No. 1 Georgia manhandle No. 14 Clemson

## COLLEGE FOOTBALL SCOREBOARD

### WEEK 1 GAMES

See All

  * Where to watch Week 1 games

## COMING IN HOT

### SATURDAY'S BEST PERFORMANCES

## Ashton Jeanty rushes for 267 yards and 6 touchdowns in Boise State victory

8h

1:51

## McMillan sets Arizona record with 304 receiving yards, 4 TDs in win

6h

1:18

## US OPEN SCOREBOARD

### THIRD-ROUND MATCHES

See All

  * 2024 US Open women's singles bracket

  * 2024 US Open men's singles bracket

## 2024 NFL PREDICTIONS

## The NFL's best and worst offenses, defenses, schedules and rosters: Clay's
projections for this season

Let's project the most potent offenses and defenses ahead of the NFL season.
Plus, how do all 32 teams stack up, and who will make the Super Bowl?

1hMike Clay

Vincent Carchietta-USA TODAY Sports

## Our guide to the 2024 rookie class: Future fantasy stars, ROY candidates
and stat projections

Here's everything you need to know about the rookie class, including Rookie of
the Year frontrunners, fantasy sleepers and the latest on the QBs.

1dMatt Bowen, +2 More

  * Predicting potential 2024 surprises for all 32 NFL teams

  * X factors for all 32 NFL teams

## FANTASY FOOTBALL

## The expanded ESPN+ fantasy football cheat sheet: All the names you need to
know

All the names we've been talking about in a printable double cheat sheet for
your fantasy football draft.

8dESPN Fantasy

Jeff Dean/Getty Images

## Don't be surprised if ... : Fantasy predictions for 2024

It's fun to make proclamations, so we asked our staff to give us theirs ahead
of the 2024 campaign.

2dFantasy staff

  * Draft Guide: Rankings, mock drafts and analysis

  * Rankings for Week 1

Sign up now for Fantasy Football

## MLB SCOREBOARD

### SATURDAY'S GAMES

See All

  * MLB standings

  * 2024 stat leaders

## MUST-SEE FROM MLB

## Mickey Moniak hits walk-off HR for Angels

8h

1:04

## Ohtani, Betts, Freeman hit back-to-back-to-back HRs for Dodgers

9h

2:00

  * Ohtani's historic pursuit: Chasing 50/50 club in home runs and stolen bases

##  Top Headlines

  * 49ers' Pearsall 'stable' after being shot in chest
  * Ward quiets Gators, jabs fans in big Miami debut
  * WR McMillan dazzles: 304 yards, 4 TDs in UA rout
  * Jeanty rushes for 6 TDs in Boise State victory
  * White Sox tie 1970 team with record 106 losses
  * UF's Napier vows better after 'embarrassing' loss
  * U-M's Warren on road to QB job: 'Never wavered'
  * Serena back at US Open 2 years after last match
  * Fantasy FB: Ultimate Draft Board

## Favorites

## Fantasy

Manage FavoritesFantasy Home

## Customize ESPN

Create AccountLog In

## ICYMI

  * 0:20

  * ## Caitlin Clark knocked to court on flagrant foul by Diamond DeShields

Diamond DeShields receives a flagrant 1 for a rough foul on Caitlin Clark on a
fast break.

## Best of ESPN+

  * Wendell Cruz-USA TODAY Sports
  * ## How Aaron Judge's season stacks up to the best in MLB history

The Yankees slugger is putting up historic numbers with a month to go, so
let's project how this could go down as Judge's -- or anyone's -- best season
ever.

  * ESPN
  * ## WNBA rookie rankings: Reese, Clark battle for No. 1 spot

With the start of the WNBA playoffs in sight, Aaliyah Edwards, Caitlin Clark
and Angel Reese are vying for the top spot. Who else joins them?

  * Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
  * ## 2025 NBA free agency: What's next for LeBron, Curry, Doncic?

Will LeBron James sign another deal? Which teams will control free agency?
It's never too early to look ahead to 2025 offseason.

  * Jayne Kamin-Oncea-USA TODAY Sports
  * ## Shohei Ohtani becomes fastest to 40/40 -- what the milestone means

That Ohtani became the fastest to ever join the 40/40 club is just one more
example of his incredible talent.

## Trending Now

  * ESPN
  * ## Inside the Texas A&M; towel heist at the 1988 Cotton Bowl

In the first meeting between Texas A&M; and Notre Dame 36 years ago, a walk-on
tackled Tim Brown ... and then made history.

  * Stephen Spillman/AP Photo
  * ## How the Air Force fueled the rise of Paul Skenes

Paul Skenes' rise has been stunning, but those who watched him play at Air
Force witnessed him pull off an impressive two-way feat that earned him the
nickname Shohei Paultani.

  * Courtesy Nebraska Athletics
  * ## Nebraska volleyball star Harper Murray focuses on healing

Harper Murray was arrested for DUI and charged with shoplifting. Now she
returns, hoping to find a love for volleyball, and for herself.

  * Illustration by Enisaurus
  * ## College Football Playoff Predictor

Select your favorite contender, make your picks for how its season will play
out and see what the Allstate Playoff Predictor foretells.

  * Illustration by ESPN
  * ## 2024 Fantasy Football Draft Guide: Rankings, mock drafts and analysis

Your one-stop shop for our best content as you prep for draft season,
including rankings, projections and analysis.

## Sign up to play the #1 Fantasy game!

Create A LeagueJoin Public LeagueReactivate A League

Mock Draft Now

## Sign up for FREE!

Create A LeagueJoin a Public LeagueReactivate a League

Practice With a Mock Draft

## Sign up for FREE!

Create A LeagueJoin a Public LeagueReactivate a League

Practice with a Mock Draft

## Get a custom ESPN experience

  *   * ## Enjoy the benefits of a personalized account

Select your favorite leagues, teams and players and get the latest scores,
news and updates that matter most to you.

## ESPN+

  * NCAA Football

  * U.S. Open

  * Formula One

  * PGA TOUR LIVE: TOUR Championship

  * MLB

## Quick Links

  * 2024 US Open

  * WNBA Rookie Tracker

  * MLB Standings

  * 2024 NFL Schedule

  * Fantasy Football Rankings

  * Sign up: Fantasy Football

  * College Football Schedule

  * ESPN Radio: Listen Live

  * Watch Tennis on ESPN

  * Watch Golf on ESPN

## Fantasy

  * Football

  * Baseball

  * Basketball

  * Hockey

## ESPN Sites

  * ESPN Deportes

  * Andscape

  * espnW

  * ESPNFC

  * X Games

  * SEC Network

## ESPN Apps

  * ESPN

  * ESPN Fantasy

  * Tournament Challenge

## Follow ESPN

  * Facebook

  * X/Twitter

  * Instagram

  * Snapchat

  * TikTok

  * YouTube

  * Terms of Use
  * Privacy Policy
  * Interest-Based Ads
  * Manage Privacy Preferences

© ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.




